[Frontend] Improve readability of conditional passes (#1194)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/dev/debugging.rst

The compilation steps which take MLIR as an input and lower it to binary are broken into MLIR pass
pipelines.  The ``pipelines`` argument of the ``qjit`` function may be used to alter the steps used

> for compilation. The default set of pipelines is defined via the ``catalyst.compiler.get_stages``
> list.

Reviewer: Is this the right function? Should it be?
```suggestion
for compilation. The default set of pipelines is defined via the :func:`~.get_compilation_stage`
list.
```

Author: It is correct. I just defined that in this PR.

Reviewer: sorry, I shouldn't speed review 🤦

> list.

Reviewer: @erick-xanadu my main recommendation here would be that a reader at this point would likely be looking for the default set of pipelines information, and won't be able to find it (in the docs).

There are a couple of things we could do:

- Make `get_stages` show up in the docs, and extend the docstring to include the default pipeline.
  - Pro: docstring is very close to the code, someone updating the default pipeline would remember to update the docstring
  - Con: we don't typically have internal function docstrings visible in the catalyst docs.

- ?

Author: @josh146 Can you remind me here how to get functions to show up in the documentation? Thanks!

Reviewer: This function doesn't currently show up in the docs because the docs only surfaces functions that are top level, in `catalyst.debug`, and in `catalyst.third_party`. 

I recommend aliasing this function in `catalyst.debug` (since this function is useful for debugging, and shows up in the `debugging.rst` guide!

Then, you just need to import this asliased function into the [`__init__.py`](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/blob/c0803e588c0abe50b6c4cc725b993c3b525dac87/frontend/catalyst/debug/__init__.py#L30), and add it to `__all__`.

Author: https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1194/commits/dfc279984a390e407b141597e9deb68c6e12d8bf https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1194/commits/46c47dfc64e0b259efab55ca02cfd5aec2c66f07

Author: https://xanaduai-pennylane--1194.com.readthedocs.build/projects/catalyst/en/1194/code/api/catalyst.debug.get_compilation_stages_groups.html
